src/chapter3-exercise-soft-hyphens-tests.md, before:

Tests for WBE Chapter 3 Exercise `Soft Hyphens`
==============================================

Testing boilerplate:

    >>> import test
    >>> _ = test.socket.patch().start()
    >>> _ = test.ssl.patch().start()
    >>> _ = test.patch_canvas()
    >>> import browser
    >>> def test_layout(text):
    ...   dl = browser.Layout(browser.lex(text)).display_list
    ...   return test.normalize_display_list(dl)

Soft hyphens allow text to hint at where breaks can be inserted.
If a word is too wide to fit on the current line and contains a soft 
  hyphen it can be split and a literal hyphen placed at the break.

    >>> browser.WIDTH = 128
    >>> test_layout("Hello\N{soft hyphen}World") #doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE
    [(13.0, 21.0, 'Hello-', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None),
     (13.0, 41.0, 'World', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None)]

If the word fits without splitting then no literal hyphens are present.

    >>> browser.WIDTH = 800
    >>> test_layout("Hello\N{soft hyphen}World")
    [(13.0, 21.0, 'HelloWorld', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None)]

When a soft hyphen is replaced with a literal hyphen you need to check that the
  text with the hyphen fits on the line.

    >>> browser.WIDTH = 90
    >>> test_layout("a\N{soft hyphen}b\N{soft hyphen}c\N{soft hyphen}d\N{soft hyphen}e") #doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE
    [(13.0, 21.0, 'abc-', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None), 
     (13.0, 41.0, 'de', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None)]


Sometimes a word may be so long that it needs to be split multiple times.

    >>> browser.WIDTH = 122
    >>> test_layout("multi\N{soft hyphen}word\N{soft hyphen}split") #doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE
    [(13.0, 21.0, 'multi-', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None), 
     (13.0, 41.0, 'word-', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None),
     (13.0, 61.0, 'split', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None)]

Commit message:

override browser constants in chapter 3 tests

src/chapter3-exercise-soft-hyphens-tests.md, after:

Tests for WBE Chapter 3 Exercise `Soft Hyphens`
==============================================

Testing boilerplate:

    >>> import test
    >>> _ = test.socket.patch().start()
    >>> _ = test.ssl.patch().start()
    >>> _ = test.patch_canvas()
    >>> import browser
    >>> def test_layout(text):
    ...   dl = browser.Layout(browser.lex(text)).display_list
    ...   return test.normalize_display_list(dl)

Override default values for `HSTEP`, `VSTEP`, `WIDTH`, and `HEIGHT` in case
you have changed them to make your browser look good on your machine.

    >>> browser.HSTEP = 13
    >>> browser.VSTEP = 18
    >>> browser.WIDTH = 800
    >>> browser.HEIGHT = 600

Soft hyphens allow text to hint at where breaks can be inserted.
If a word is too wide to fit on the current line and contains a soft 
  hyphen it can be split and a literal hyphen placed at the break.

    >>> browser.WIDTH = 128
    >>> test_layout("Hello\N{soft hyphen}World") #doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE
    [(13.0, 21.0, 'Hello-', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None),
     (13.0, 41.0, 'World', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None)]

If the word fits without splitting then no literal hyphens are present.

    >>> browser.WIDTH = 800
    >>> test_layout("Hello\N{soft hyphen}World")
    [(13.0, 21.0, 'HelloWorld', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None)]

When a soft hyphen is replaced with a literal hyphen you need to check that the
  text with the hyphen fits on the line.

    >>> browser.WIDTH = 90
    >>> test_layout("a\N{soft hyphen}b\N{soft hyphen}c\N{soft hyphen}d\N{soft hyphen}e") #doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE
    [(13.0, 21.0, 'abc-', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None), 
     (13.0, 41.0, 'de', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None)]


Sometimes a word may be so long that it needs to be split multiple times.

    >>> browser.WIDTH = 122
    >>> test_layout("multi\N{soft hyphen}word\N{soft hyphen}split") #doctest: +NORMALIZE_WHITESPACE
    [(13.0, 21.0, 'multi-', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None), 
     (13.0, 41.0, 'word-', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None),
     (13.0, 61.0, 'split', Font size=16 weight=normal slant=roman style=None)]
